README.md, before:

lpc2012
=======

Liberated Pixel Cup 2012 Python game

Requirements
-------
python python-pygame, python-pyglet, map loader for 'tiled'

Installation instructions
-------
1. sudo aptitude install python-pygame
2. sudo aptitude install python-pyglet
3. wget https://pytmxloader.googlecode.com/files/tiledtmxloader-3.0.3.114.zip
4. unzip -x tiledtmxloader-3.0.3.114.zip
5. cd tiledtmxloader-3.0.3.114
6. sudo python setup.py install
7. cd ..
8. sudo rm -rf tiledtmxloader-3.0.3.114
9. rm -rf tiledtmxloader-3.0.3.114.zip

To run the game
-------
In the folder where you found this file run this command: python src/run.py

Controls
-------
- f to toggle between fullscreen and window mode
- n in menu to start a new game
- arrows to move the "character"
- escape to exit

Creating a tilemap
-------
- background in tile layer 0
- hero in tile layer 1
- collision objects in tile layer 2
- mission goal in tile layer 3
- hero object properties
	- sprite - path to the sprite
	- sprite_height - height of the sprite
	- sprite_width - width of the sprite
- enemies as object layer
	- enemie object properties (type enemy)
		- sprite - path to the sprite
		- sprite_height - height of the sprite
		- sprite_width - width of the sprite
	- enemie waypoint object properties (type waypoint)
		- number - the numer in the order the enemy should walk

Commit message:

some information about the competition added to README

README.md, after:

LPC2012 code competition game
=======

The competition is to create a game with given graphics in one month. First time ever for me to code a project in python but it worked out fine thanks to pygame.<br><br>
More information about the competition at http://lpc.opengameart.org/<br><br>
I hope that you like the game, enjoy!

Requirements
-------
python python-pygame, python-pyglet, map loader for 'tiled'

Installation instructions
-------
1. sudo aptitude install python-pygame
2. sudo aptitude install python-pyglet
3. wget https://pytmxloader.googlecode.com/files/tiledtmxloader-3.0.3.114.zip
4. unzip -x tiledtmxloader-3.0.3.114.zip
5. cd tiledtmxloader-3.0.3.114
6. sudo python setup.py install
7. cd ..
8. sudo rm -rf tiledtmxloader-3.0.3.114
9. rm -rf tiledtmxloader-3.0.3.114.zip

To run the game
-------
In the folder where you found this file run this command: python src/run.py

Controls
-------
- f to toggle between fullscreen and window mode
- n in menu to start a new game
- arrows to move the "character"
- escape to exit

Creating a tilemap
-------
- background in tile layer 0
- hero in tile layer 1
- collision objects in tile layer 2
- mission goal in tile layer 3
- hero object properties
	- sprite - path to the sprite
	- sprite_height - height of the sprite
	- sprite_width - width of the sprite
- enemies as object layer
	- enemie object properties (type enemy)
		- sprite - path to the sprite
		- sprite_height - height of the sprite
		- sprite_width - width of the sprite
	- enemie waypoint object properties (type waypoint)
		- number - the numer in the order the enemy should walk
